Add BBF article (#164)
ambanum/OpenTermsArchive.org: src/translations/en/media.mdx

---

### Bulletin des bibliothèques de France

<p className="text__smallcaps">February 2021</p>

> > By scrutinising and making public the evolutions of the General Terms of Use (GTU), the Open Terms Archive team intends to give the power back to citizens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> By scrutinising and making public the evolutions of the Terms of Service, the Open Terms Archive team intends to give the power back to citizens.
```
